Update hub-namespaces.adoc (#367)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/large-deployments/pages/hub-namespaces.adoc

[[lsd-hub-namespaces]]
= Hub XMLRPC API Namespaces

The Hub XMLRPC API operates in a similar way to the {productname} API.
For {productname} API documentation, see https://documentation.suse.com/suma.

The Hub XMLRPC API exposes the same methods that are available from the server's XMLRPC APIs, with a few differences in parameter and return types.
Additionally, the Hub XMLRPC API supports some Hub-specific end points which are not available in the {productname} API.

The Hub XMLRPC API supports three different namespaces:

* The ``hub`` namespace is used to target the Hub-specific XMLRPC endpoints.
Hub-specific methods are primarily related to authentication.
* The ``unicast`` namespace is used to target a single peripheral server registered in the hub.
It redirects any call transparently to one specific server and returns any value as if the server's XMLRPC API endpoint was used directly.
* The ``multicast`` namespace is used to target multiple peripheral servers registered in the hub.
It redirects any call transparently to all the specified servers and returns the results in the form of a ``map``.

> * It is possible to target directly the underlying XMLRPC API of the Hub server, given that the HUB XMLRPC API exposes all the methods that are available on a {productname} Server XMLRPC API.

Reviewer: What is the point that you are trying to make here? The list is supposed to contain the three namespaces ("The Hub XMLRPC API supports three different namespaces").

Author: Yeah, I can't find the right words for this.

My point is that the user can authenticate to the hub XMLRPC API, using, eg, client.hub.Login("user","pass")

and then you can:
- use the hub-specific endpoints (eg, client.hub.listServerIds)
- use the multicast
- use the unicast
- AND call the Uyuni XMLRPC of the hub server directly, with the same client, and it does not require any special namespace. For example, you can have a statement like 'client.system.listSystems(hubSessionKey)', which will execute the  'system.listSystems' method of the Uyuni XMLRPC API of the Hub server

Author: TBH, I'm not sure if it's worth to mention this in the doc

Reviewer: Let me try to reformulate...

```suggestion
* methods called without any of the above namespaces will be forwarded to the normal XMLRPC API of the Hub (ie. the one exposed on ports 80 and 443)
```

Author: thanks!

Some important considerations for hub namespaces:

* Individual server IDs can be obtained using ``client.hub.listServerIds(hubSessionKey)``.

> * The ``unicast`` namespace assumes all methods receive ``hubSessionKey`` and serverID as their first two parameters, then any other parameter as specified by the regular Server API.

Author: Yes, it is

+
----
client.unicast.[namespace].[methodName](hubSessionKey, serverId, param1, param2)
----
* The ``hubSessionKey`` can be obtained using different authentication methods.
For more information, see xref:large-deployments:hub-auth.adoc[].
* The ``multicast`` namespace assumes all methods receive ``hubSessionKey``, a list of ServerIDs, then lists of per-server parameters as specified by the regular server XMLRPC API.

> The return value is a map, with `Successful` and `Failed` entries for each server involved in the call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The return value is a ``map``, with ``Successful`` and ``Failed`` entries for each server involved in the call.
```
Earlier we'd tagged the word/term "map".
